Taj mahal :
The Taj Mahal is a lit. 'Place or Position of the Crown', 'Crown of the Palaces'
  is an ivory-white marble mausoleum on the south bank of the Yamuna river in the Indian city of Agra. 
It was commissioned in 1632 by the Mughal emperor, Shah Jahan (reigned from 1628 to 1658), to house the tomb of his 
favourite wife, Mumtaz Mahal. It also houses the tomb of Shah Jahan, the builder. The tomb is the centrepiece of 
a 17-hectare (42-acre) complex, which includes a mosque and a guest house, and is set in formal gardens bounded on three 
sides by a crenellated wall.

colosseum :
The Colosseum or Coliseum,is also known as the Flavian Amphitheatre (Latin: Amphitheatrum Flavium; 
Italian: Anfiteatro Flavio, is an oval amphitheatre in the centre of the city of Rome, Italy. Built of 
travertine limestone, tuff (volcanic rock) , and brick-faced concrete, it was the largest amphithe
atre ever built at the time and held 50,000 spectators. The Colosseum is situated just east of the Roman Forum. 

petra :
Petra (Arabic: , romanized: Al-Batra; Ancient Greek: ta, "Stone"), originally 
known to its inhabitants as Raqmu, is a historical and archaeological city in southern 
Jordan. Petra lies on the slope of Jabal Al-Madbah in a basin among the mountains which 
form the eastern flank of the Arabah valley that runs from the Dead Sea to the Gulf of Aqaba.

macchu pichhu :
Machu Picchu (Quechua: Machu Pikchu ) 
is a 15th-century Inca citadel, located in the Eastern Cordillera of southern Peru, 
on a 2,430-metre (7,970 ft) mountain ridge. It is located in the Cusco Region, 
Urubamba Province, Machupicchu District, above the Sacred Valley, which is 80 
kilometres (50 mi) northwest of Cuzco and through which the Urubamba River flows, 
cutting through the Cordillera and creating a canyon with a tropical mountain climate.

Chichen Itza :
Chichen Itza was a major focal point in the Northern Maya Lowlands 
from the Late Classic (c. AD 600–900) through the Terminal Classic 
(c. AD 800–900) and into the early portion of the Postclassic period (c. AD 900–1200). 
The site exhibits a multitude of architectural styles, reminiscent of styles 
seen in central Mexico and of the Puuc and Chenes styles of the Northern Maya lowlands.

Christ the Redeemer :
Christ the Redeemer (Portuguese: Cristo Redentor, standard Brazilian Portuguese: ['k istu ed'to ], loca
l pronunciation: ['k i tu xe to]) is an Art Deco statue of Jesus Christ in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, created b
y French sculptor Paul Landowski and built by Brazilian engineer Heitor da Silva Costa, in collaboration with Fre
nch engineer Albert Caquot. Romanian sculptor Gheorghe Leonida fashioned the face. Constructed between 
1922 and 1931, the statue is 30 metres (98 ft) high, excluding its 8-metre (26
 ft) pedestal. The arms stretch 28 metres (92 ft) wide.

The Great Wall Of China :
The Great Wall of China (, Manchu: šanggiyan jas
e) is the collective name of a series of fortification systems generally built across the historical northern borde
rs of China to protect and consolidate territories of Chinese states and empires against various nomadic groups of the 
steppe and their polities. Several walls were being built from as early as the 7th century BC by ancient Chinese states;
selective stretches were later joined together by Qin Shi Huang (220–206 BC), the first Emperor of China. Little of t
he Qin wall remains.Later on, many successive dynasties have built and maintained multiple stretches of border wa
lls. The most currently well-known of the walls were built by the Ming dynasty (1368–1644).



